okay this is the weirdest thing ever I
seriously like I'm multitasking here i'm
just sitting on my bed with one hand
burning around in the grass looking for
shiny pokemon the other one I'm just
drawing and I swear to God I felt I
would get a shiny sauce goat and I did
like 20 minutes later I'm not cheating
or shooting you at all I almost my
pants so I'll tell you that I'm so
nervous so you shall I got goose bumps
when I saw on the screen ah i always get
female shinies it's so weird not that
i'm complaining i like that oh yeah oh
my god i'm so happy right now you have
no idea and I get the shiny on my deck
that's kind of what I wanted I'll mame
it later Wow okay
careful oh my god it's not that bad
likes to thrash about I mean 31 physical
attack IV that's great at lower special
task that's good too all my god have
apple ID this is my second shiny on this
game first son was of Vinci no just
totally random and another lucky Pokemon
cuz i love mention you wow I'm just yep
I'm so happy right now see you oh wait
make sure you know I'm not cheating I'll
run into another Pokemon it won't be
shiny there you go there you go
that's my daughter arc but still you get
the point thank you for watching